feat: return ProposalRef on proposals and allow to remove proposal from the store (#1297)
openmls/openmls: book/src/user_manual/processing.md

{{#include ../../../openmls/tests/book_code.rs:inspect_add_proposal}}
```

#### Rolling back proposals

> Operations that add a proposal to the queue, will return the its reference. This reference can be used to remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operations that add a proposal to the queue, will return its reference. This reference can be used to remove
```

> Operations that add a proposal to the queue, will return its reference. This reference can be used to remove
> a proposal from the store. This can be useful for example to rollback in case of errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operations that add a proposal to the proposal store, will return its reference. This reference can be used to remove
a proposal from the proposal store. This can be useful for example to roll back in case of errors.
```
